I wanna take you somewhere so
you know I care
But it's so cold and I don't know where
I brought you daffodils in a
pretty string
But they won't flower like
they did last spring
And I wanna kiss you, make you
feel alright
I'm just so tired to share my nights
I wanna cry and I wanna love
But all my tears have been used up
On another love, another love
All my tears have been used up
And if somebody hurts you, I wanna fight
But my hands been broken, one
too many times
So I'll use my voice, I'll be
so fucking rude
Words they always win, but I
know I'll lose
And I'd sing a song, that'd be just ours
But I sang 'em all to another heart
And I wanna cry I wanna learn to love
But all my tears have been used up
On another love, another love
All my tears have been used up
I wanna sing a song, that'd be just ours
But I sang 'em all to another heart
And I wanna cry, I wanna fall in love
But all my tears have been used up
On another love, another love
All my tears have been used up